okay this one's from way back in 1996
it's the Independence Day science
officer and like most of the line they
have basically one alien mold and then
they just repainted it got white dark
blue and then this one which is sort of
a light blue and there's one other alien
toy which was the Supreme Commander
which was you know bigger they had a jet
they had this spacecraft they had a
battle set all kinds of stuff one other
thing that this guy came with that's
interesting from the time
got your 3.5 inch disc here some of you
may have never even seen that and then
here's the specs required for it which i
think is kind of interesting I'll just
hold that up there for a second so you
can read all the details it's amazing
how far we've come since 96
so anyway onto the figure it's a really
good it's really well sculpted off of
the the movie design you know whether
you like this design or don't like the
design it definitely owes a lot to the H
R Giger alien design from the movies but
it definitely has sort of its own twist
to it I think for the figure he's got a
pretty limited articulation arms go
around the wrap it has the Ninja Turtle
playmates style diagonal cut hips and
does have a waist swivel and then he's
got all these tentacles which you know
of course are completely bendable
however you want except for these two
which are hard plastic all of these you
can pop out if you want to but these are
hard plastic so that he can stand
because obviously his feet aren't gonna
get the job done he's sort of a
beautiful pearlescent blue with some
areas that are more green he's got even
a little bit of sort of a yellow on his
thighs the tentacles themselves are sort
of greenish
for size comparison he's pretty big he
was with the Hulk to the Marvel Universe
3.5 inch scale figure Hulk something big
here's a human alliance bumblebee you
see they're pretty much the same height
bumblebees overall much larger figure
this guy's pretty thin but you know he
is tall and his his base is actually
really really sturdy so you can you can
grab you know Joe figures or whatever
and these tentacles and have him waving
them around see a shot of that the face
somewhat you see the detail there and
then he does have a gimmick which is
basically that his whole head if you've
seen the movie already know what's gonna
happen
pops open and he's got a little driver
figure just real quick inside there's
some sort of you know bio mechanical
detailing they're sort of think about
him like the invit from from Robo tech
they piloted these vehicles but it was
not really a mecha it was more of a you
know an extension of their body itself
so here's the little pilot figure you
can see design he's a lot like his suit
in some ways see his little face I think
they were kind of meant to be like the
greys to a certain extent and then they
have these sort of abyss like aqua
aquatic details the body itself is very
well detailed and actually very well
painted it's really pretty to look at so
yeah you know for a lot of people this
isn't their cup of tea
but I kind of like different strange
aliens of all sorts and this guy
definitely definitely is is worth
picking up in my opinion if you can get
them for for cheap and yeah there you go
hope you enjoyed the review thanks for
watching